Publish @brightlayer-ui/react-native-vector-icons v2.0.0 (#228)
brightlayer-ui/icons: rn-vector/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v2.0.0 (October 17, 2022)

### Changed

> -   Update to build with react native 0.70.
> -   Update peer dependencies to use "react-native-vector-icons": "^9.0.0".
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Update to support React Native 0.70.x projects.
-   This package now requires that you are using react-native-vector-icons version 9.0.0 or higher in your project.

```
